Document Spring SDK 8.6.7+ Testing support (#4845)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/best-practices/development/testing-process-definitions.md

### Technical setup using Spring

:::caution
The new Camunda Spring SDK only has test support since the 8.6.7 and newer releases.
:::

:::caution JUnit 5
You need to use JUnit 5. Ensure you use JUnit 5 in every test class: the `@Test` annotation you import needs to be `org.junit.jupiter.api.Test`.
:::

1. Use [_JUnit 5_](http://junit.org) as unit test framework.

> 2. Use the [Spring Zeebe SDK and its test library](../../../apis-tools/spring-zeebe-sdk/getting-started.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the [Camunda Spring SDK and its test library](../../../apis-tools/spring-zeebe-sdk/getting-started.md).
```

3. Use `@ZeebeSpringTest` to ramp up an in-memory process engine.

> 4. Use annotations from [zeebe-process-test](https://github.com/camunda-cloud/zeebe-process-test/) to check whether your expectations about the state of the process are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use assertions from [zeebe-process-test](../../../apis-tools/java-client/zeebe-process-test.md#assertions) to check whether your expectations about the state of the process are met.
```
